# A Night at the movie

Artist’s Statement

A job simulator is a straightforward game. The goal was to make the player do a mundane task and then add some twist and turn to change the experience. By also utilizing the curiosity of the player, I would be able to lure them into a different part of the game. By calling the next stage a 'special mode', the player would think it's either a different game or a reward. It is in fact, a trap. The program takes the information the player has answered about themself to lower the morale of the player. The personal information would make it more hurtful. The goal becomes more difficult as dismissing the prompt of pressing the right button, removes the amount of time given to reach the goal. Prompts happen often throughout this phase of the gameplay. If the player does not manage to reach the goal they are stuck in this part of the game until they clear it. If they manage to reach the goal, they get to the "best" part of the game. The game restart and it still has its interruption but instead, it gives hopeful quotes and encouragements. The is no more goal to achieve and the player can just play without worry. The relationship this project has to a movie is that all the quotes are lyrics taken and modified a little from a movie. The movie features many songs for the story it tells, but many of the lyrics can also be understood out of context and can still keep their meaning. The game also remembers what level you are on which makes it useless to reload the page. The biggest goal was to be able to get the program to reach the player but I believe it is difficult for this one and is only an attempt at conveying feeling. The way to make this a better experience would be to make the atmosphere better which is not the strong point of this game.
